Initial PR for `kn trigger` commands (#19756)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/kn-trigger-update.adoc

// Module included in the following assemblies:
//
// * serverless/knative_eventing/serverless-kn-trigger.adoc

[id="kn-trigger-update_{context}"]
= Updating a trigger using `kn`

You can use the `kn trigger update` command with certain flags to quickly update attributes of a trigger.

.Procedure

To update a trigger, enter the following command:
----
$ kn trigger update NAME --filter KEY=VALUE --sink SINK [flags]
----

You can update a trigger to filter exact event attributes that match incoming events, such as `type=knative.dev.event`. For example:
----
$ kn trigger update mytrigger --filter type=knative.dev.event
----

You can also remove a filter attribute from a trigger.
For example, you can remove the filter attribute with key `type`:
----

> $ kn trigger update mytrigger --filter type-

Reviewer: The removal of filter with `--filter type-` doesn't work currently.

// Module included in the following assemblies:
//
// * serverless/knative_eventing/serverless-kn-trigger.adoc

[id="kn-trigger-update_{context}"]
= Updating a trigger using `kn`

You can use the `kn trigger update` command with certain flags to quickly update attributes of a trigger.

.Procedure

Update a trigger:
----
kn trigger update NAME --filter KEY=VALUE --sink SINK [flags]
----

> For example, you can update a trigger to use the type attribute by using `type` as the `KEY` and setting a value for it:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
For example, you can update a trigger to filter exact CloudEvent attribute matching against incoming events, for example: `type=knative.dev.bar`
```

----

> kn trigger update mytrigger --filter type=knative.dev.bar

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
kn trigger update mytrigger --filter type=knative.dev.event
```

Reviewer 2: (used  word 'event' instead of `bar`)

----

> You can also remove an attribute from a trigger.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You can also remove a filter from a trigger.
```

> For example, you can remove the type attribute:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
For example, you can remove the filter with key `type`:
```

----
 kn trigger update mytrigger --filter type-
----

> The following example shows how to update the value for the sink attribute of a trigger to `svc:new-service`:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The following example shows how to update the sink of a trigger to `svc:new-service`:
```
